Monday on TBS as Lily Tomlin gets
smaller the laughs get bigger or
champagne the incredible shrinking woman
105 Eastern on TBS Monday
wake up Cheerios of the leading cold
cereal made from whole grain oats with
all the old friends
so why eat anything else wake up
Cheerios is the leading cold cereal made
from whole grain oats with all the oat
bran so why eat anything else come and
explore one of Atlanta's biggest stories
the studio's of CNN and headline news
the CNN studio tour for more information
call 404 827 2,400
I'm supposed to sit aren't you glad you
use diet don't you wish everybody did
how long do you think it would take you
to get in really great shape I don't
know at this rate years my forever now
Sports Illustrated will show you how you
can start to get in shape in just eight
weeks I can believe eight months no now
there's the Sports Illustrated super
shape up program a unique three stage
video workout system designed by sports
fitness experts it's the program that
offers you flexibility strength and
aerobics everything you need to help get
you in shape it stars the Sports
Illustrated Swimsuit models Elle
Macpherson Rachel Hunter and Cheryl
Tiegs they can require videos stripes
and strengthen just have to feel
stronger and more flexible in the very
first week stretch and strengthen with
elle macpherson does just that it helps
make your body strong supple and fit
enough for a more advanced workout then
you move up to my video body sculpting
it really helps me shape your buck
you